I want everybody to see Nandrogen is a
huge spike of testosterone then it drops
down which keeps the side effects to the
minimum and the benefits are
machine.
>> [music]
>> Hi, my name is John Jaquish. I'm a
doctor of biomedical engineering which
gives me a unique perspective beyond
what many sports scientists find.
What I want to talk about today is how
to get the benefits of an anabolic cycle
with only using TRT and getting less
side effects than standard TRT. So I
know that sounds like a crazy claim. I'm
going to back it up. So sit tight. What
I want everybody to look at, I'm going
to pull this up on my phone
and on the screen.
Here [snorts] is a graphic showing
different comparisons of different ways
people get anabolics in the body and
we're going to talk about how what the
responses are. So you can see at the top
there's this is based on
a New England Journal of Medicine paper
that was one of the only papers written
about an actual proper anabolic cycle.
The individuals took 600 mg of
testosterone per week and they were over
3000 ng/dL.
Now obviously this is where side effects
come in and but they wanted to study
what what would happen and and they got
a
group of volunteers just so they could
understand steroid abuse because that's
what that is. Also in France they call
that male birth control. I don't know if
it's like that anymore but you used to
be able to get a prescription for that
amount of testosterone to suppress your
natural testicular function.
I don't know if that's in place in
France any longer. For some reason it's
very difficult to find what the French
authorities have to say about different
controlled substances on the internet
though it did not used to be as
difficult. So a lot little bit of
question mark there but I find that very
interesting. So that was the that's the
top line you see. Then you see Nandrogen
the fast-acting testosterone available
on oral-only.com.
So what you see here and I want you to
compare that one to the 24-hour natural
production which you see towards the
bottom. So that sort of
slight bump you see which looks like
this if you look at it on a graphic that
has less top scale
you'll it'll be just a bump similar to
Nandrogen just not as high. What we're
doing with Nandrogen is we're using
fast-acting testosterone to saturate the
receptor sites very quickly.
And with fast-acting testosterone that
happens in an hour receptor sites become
saturated and then the testosterone
drops off
which keeps a lot of the side effects
from happening and the side effects that
are noticed are going to be at a greatly
diminished level from what you would
otherwise see and I encourage everybody
to take a look at the technical white
paper that is on oral-only.com which
gives the details of all of these things
that you see here. But with with
Nandrogen the individuals took 15 mg and
only 50% of it becomes available in the
bloodstream. The other 50% you know you
just swallow it and it just it doesn't
go anywhere. So these individuals are
basically using 7.5 mg per day in the
morning. That is a tiny amount of
testosterone and they go all the way to
2300 ng/dL
which is basically double
normal testosterone but you're only
there for a very brief period of time
and then when testosterone drops off
SHBG starts to go down also. And
normally it goes up with testosterone
usage and also you maintain your natural
testicular function. All of the side
effects associated with standard TRT are
either diminished or not present. I've
done other videos on that so I won't
labor that point but I want everybody to
see Nandrogen is a huge spike of
testosterone then it drops down which
keeps the side effects to the minimum
and the benefits are incredible.
You're going to be a muscle-growing
machine.
Also you need to train correctly. I have
other videos on that but this is going
to help you tremendously. Please ask
questions in the comments. We got a
whole staff that is ready to answer your
questions. Thanks and I'll see you on
the next one. [music] If this video
helped you I want you to subscribe and
follow. I'm going to put out videos on a
regular basis. I think they're going to
help a whole lot of people especially if
you're one of those people that doesn't
just instantly grow from lifting regular
weights
we've got the answer for you.
>> [music]